(Ai)
Previously
on Yu-Gi! VRAINS...
(Blue Maiden)
Ai, what are you doing here?
To get to the point,
how about handing
over your code key.
You've known me long enough...
to know I won't just hand
my code key over to you!
I'll duel you both for it.
(All)
Let's duel!
(Ai)
I Link Summon!
Link 3 DARK TEMPLAR @IGNISTER!
DARK TEMPLAR,
attack MARBLED ROCK!
And JUDGMENT ARROWS
doubles its attack points!
(screams)
I teamed with the meatbags
'cuz I thought it was
the right thing to do.
But look where it got me
and where it got my friends.
Sometimes you can think
you're doing the right
thing but then...
you later learn it was wrong.
Ai...
Yes!
Ready, Akira?
(Both)
Now, we unite our circuit!
The summoning conditions
require three TINDANGLES!
We Link Summon!
Link 3 TINDANGLE ACUTE CERBERUS!
How sweet!
Two siblings united in defeat!
Hmm.
(grunts)
♪♪♪
Ai, this duel of ours
is far from over.
When I have three different
TINDANGLES in my graveyard,
TINDANGLE ACUTE CERBERUS
gains 3000 attack points!
It also gains 500 attack points
for every TINDANGLE
next to its links!
Now ACUTE CERBERUS!
Attack FIRE PHOENIX @IGNISTER!
No way!
That big bowwow has
3500 attack points,
but JUDGMENT ARROWS
will double up
your FIRE PHOENIX's
attack points to 4600!
His puppy's gonna
get pounded!
That's doggone
silly.
Yes, it may
appear that way.
But they're up
to something.
I will now activate
MARINCESS DECISION
from our graveyard!
By banishing that trap
along with MARBLED ROCK...
your monster loses attack points
equal to MARBLED ROCK's
until the end of the turn!
FIRE PHOENIX no longer
has any attack points.
(grunts)
Well that's just great.
Attack with Isometric Inferno!
(screams)
Oh no!
Are you okay?
I'm more
than okay.
Because I can activate
ACHICHI @IGNISTER's ability
from my graveyard!
When FIRE PHOENIX
is destroyed in battle,
I can banish ACHICHI
to destroy it twice!
Uuh!
(grunts)
Why'd you use your ability
to destroy your monster
when it was destroyed
in battle anyway?
Because when an ability,
and not an attack,
destroys my FIRE PHOENIX,
I'm allowed to destroy
your monster as well!
So say bye-bye to your HOUND.
Sayonara!
FYI, that's Japanese
for sayonara.
Akira?
Technically
true.
Right.
By banishing
MARINCESS BASILALIMA
from our graveyard,
it prevents your special ability
from destroying
our TINDANGLE HOUND.
And BASILALIMA's
additional ability
also gives our ACUTE CERBERUS
600 attack points!
And CERBERUS has
its own ability!
Since it attacked this turn,
it can summon
a TINDANGLE TOKEN
on to our field.
But not just to any location.
I summoned it
next to our CERBERUS's link,
so it gains 500
more attack points!
4600 attack points?
That ends my turn.
You're up, Ai.
All right!
Blue Maiden and Zaizen's
teamwork is on point!
Yes, because their two minds
are behaving like one,
bringing out their best.
You're right.
Because as much as I hate
that we have to be
the ones to defeat you,
I'd hate it even more if Akira
was gone from my life.
So I will do anything
to protect him!
That's great.
Just great!
You be his firewall!
You be his everything,
Blue Maiden!
You two are really
tingling my heart.
Don't mock me!
It's not.
My vocal analysis indicates
it's quite sincere.
Sorry, but I really
doubt that.
There's no need to.
I can relate to fighting
for those you love.
And the pain you
feel when you fail.
Ai...
So then let's see
who's stronger:
A duelist like you who has
everything to lose,
or a duelist like me
who has nothing to lose.
It's my turn!
First off, FIRE PHOENIX
automatically resurrects,
at the start of my turn.
Then I summon HIYARI @IGNISTER!
Oh man, I can't
believe this.
Ai's already
rebuilt his army.
That's what happens when
you give your opponent
a chance
to keep dueling
instead of defeating them
as quickly as possible.
Zaizen and Blue Maiden
are dueling pretty well!
(Varis)
But not well enough.
(Soulburner)
Speak for yourself.
Even if Ai uses JUDGMENT ARROWS
to double his PHOENIX's
attack points,
it still won't be stronger
than Zaizen
and Blue Maiden's monsters.
They might not have
this duel in the bag yet,
but they're close!
You sure about that, Burnsie?
By tributing my FIRE PHOENIX
@IGNISTER,
HIYARI's ability lets me draw
A.I.'S RITUAL from my deck.
And furthermore,
since I tributed a Link Monster,
HIYARI gains a Level
for every one
of FIRE PHOENIX's links.
But you see,
that's only half the story.
HIYARI also lets me draw
an @IGNISTER Ritual Monster
from my deck.
Then I activate my Ritual Spell,
A.I.'S RITUAL!
To carry this off
it requires me to tribute
@IGNISTERS from my hand
or on my field
whose total Level is more
than the Ritual Monster
I want to summon.
But the only monster
you have is HIYARI.
(Ai)
That's true.
But when that Water @IGNISTER
is on my field,
I can banish an @IGNISTER
from my graveyard
to also pay
for the cost!
I tribute HIYARI
and banish PIKARI
from my graveyard!
This ferocious dragon awakens
from the deepest trenches
to flood the world with fear!
I Ritual Summon!
WATER LEVIATHAN @IGNISTER!
Now I activate its ability!
When my WATER LEVIATHAN
is successfully Ritual Summoned,
all your monsters
whose original attack points
are 2300 or less
return to your hand.
Say what?
I thought that weakness
was obvious
but it looks like Zaizen
wasn't ready for that move.
There's more.
WATER LEVIATHAN also returns
all my Link Monsters
to my Extra Deck,
and your monster loses
600 attack points
for every one of their links,
so sit back and awwww away!
I return LINGY, DARK TEMPLAR
and FIRE PHOENIX
to my Extra Deck.
Altogether,
that adds up to a whopping
seven Links!
So your TINDANGLE HOUND is...
more meh,
than heh!
Since it loses 600
attack points for each link...
Ha-ha!
That's 4200 attack points!
Here goes!
WATER LEVIATHAN,
attack TINDANGLE HOUND!
(gasps)
They're done for!
Not yet.
Since Ai's WATER LEVIATHAN
is a Ritual Monster
and not
a Link Monster,
JUDGMENT ARROWS can't
double its attack points.
Oh yeah!
That means they'll have
100 life points left.
Can't believe Ai forgot
to get that last lil' bit.
Actually I haven't
forgotten anything.
When my WATER LEVIATHAN
battles your monster,
your monster's attack points
are cut in half!
They better think
of something ASAP.
Cuz if this attack gets through
this duel's over.
Akira! No!
No way!
You're still alive?
He still has
150 life points!
(Ai)
But how?
(Zaizen)
With this!
While you were
so busy attacking me,
you forgot all about Skye.
And her trap card
MARINCESS BUBBLE CIRCLE.
When there are MARINCESS
monsters in our graveyard,
MARINCESS BUBBLE CIRCLE restores
100 life points
for every one of their links.
MARINCESS BLUE SLUG
and CORAL ANEMONE
are in our graveyard,
and they have a total
of three Links.
Therefore,
we regained 300 life points.
Though Zaizen wasn't ready
for the Dark Ignis's strategy,
Blue Maiden was.
How's that, Ai!
I told you that I'll do
anything to protect Akira!
Yes, yes you did.
And you were successful.
All I can do now is place
one card facedown
and end my turn.
But I wonder if your success can
last to the end of this duel.
(Ai)
You've survived
to see another turn,
but spoiler alert!
It's gonna be your last.
Yeah, right.
First, I summon
MARINCESS BLUE TANG!
And due
to BLUE TANG's ability
I send MARINCESS SEA HORSE
from my deck to the graveyard!
Then I'll use BLUE TANG
to Link Summon
Link 1 MARINCESS BLUE SLUG!
BLUE SLUG's ability
lets me retrieve
my SEA HORSE from my graveyard!
And then due
to BLUE TANG's ability,
I get to look at the top
three cards in my deck.
And if one of 'em's a MARINCESS,
I can add it to my hand.
Just like the one I have here,
MARINCESS CROWN TAIL!
Next, I can automatically
summon my SEA HORSE
next to BLUE SLUG's link.
And I'll use them together
to Link Summon again!
Link 2 MARINCESS CORAL ANEMONE!
Then check this out, Ai!
CORAL ANEMONE can
revive BLUE SLUG
and can summon her
next to her link!
And I'll use 'em to Link Summon
for a third time!
Link 3 MARINCESS MARBLED ROCK!
When CORAL ANEMONE
is sent to the graveyard,
I get to add
BLUE TANG to my hand.
Next, by banishing MARINCESS
SEA HORSE from my graveyard,
I can summon CROWN TAIL
from my hand
next to MARBLED ROCK's link.
I now have what I need
to build the circuit
that turns dreams into reality!
The summoning conditions require
at least two Water Attribute
monsters!
Though a single tiny droplet
may appear insignificant,
they combine to fill every ocean
on the planet with their purity!
I Link Summon!
Link 4 MARINCESS
GREAT BUBBLE REEF!
Impressive!
I've never seen
that monster.
It seems Blue Maiden has
certainly elevated her game.
(Blue Maiden)
I activate my trap card
MARINCESS BUBBLE CIRCLE!
By banishing a Level 5
or higher MARINCESS
from my graveyard,
you take 100 points of damage!
Huh.
You did all that work
plus the extra credit
just to deal me
100 points of damage?
You're up to something.
You got that right,
and it's called
GREAT BUBBLE REEF's
special ability!
When a monster is banished
from the field or the graveyard,
GREAT BUBBLE REEF
gains 600 attack points
until the end of the turn!
Oh I see.
So this is what you
were going for.
Ai only has
300 life points left.
But to get to 'em,
Blue Maiden's gotta get
thru WATER LEVIATHAN,
which has a special ability
that cuts the opponent's
attack points in half.
Since it has 2300 attack points,
she needs at least
4600 to destroy it.
Too bad, Blue.
You may've powered up
your monster,
but not enough to destroy mine!
Then I'll just activate
TINDANGLE RETURNER's
special ability!
It returns itself to my hand
and it also returns one banished
monster to my graveyard.
MARINCESS CROWN TAIL!
Then I'll use MARINCESS
BUBBLE CIRCLE's effect again
to banish my MARINCESS
CROWN TAIL from the graveyard
and deal you 100 more
points of damage!
(grunts)
(Blue Maiden)
Then GREAT BUBBLE REEF
gains 600 attack points!
Blue Maiden's working
two different strategies to win.
Either use special abilities
to chip down Ai's life points,
or power up GREAT BARRIER REEF
'til it's stronger
than WATER LEVIATHAN.
Since Ai has to take
both strategies into account,
it's straining what he can do.
My GREAT BUBBLE REEF has
an additional ability.
By discarding a MARINCESS
card to the graveyard,
I can summon
my banished CROWN TAIL.
And now, I'm going to play
my brother's card!
I'm allowed to summon
TINDANGLE RETURNER
by tributing
my MARINCESS CROWN TAIL!
(small grunt)
And then,
GREAT BUBBLE REEF gains
CROWN TAIL's attack points
until the end of the turn!
It's up to 4400
attack points.
And CROWN TAIL's
in her graveyard again.
That means she can use
BUBBLE CIRCLE to deal damage
and also increase
her GREAT BUBBLE REEF's
attack points
to close in on victory
from both sides.
Mmm.
Even I can tell
you're in bad shape!
Well looks can be
quite deceiving.
Just cuz I look
like I'm in trouble
doesn't mean I am in trouble.
If anyone can
turn this around, it's me!
My analysis of its voice pattern
indicate it is 3%
actual confidence,
97% overcompensation.
Then let's drop
that three to zero!
I banish CROWN TAIL
from my graveyard
to activate her ability!
For every link that a MARINCESS
in my graveyard has,
I take 1000 fewer points
of battle damage.
The MARINCESSES in her graveyard
have a total of six links.
So even if the Dark Ignis deals
6000 points of battle damage,
they won't lose
a single life point.
I know you're being cautious,
but don't you think 6000 points
is going a bit overboard?
But don't worry, Master!
When you lose,
I promise to do all that I can
and more to get your revenge!
I haven't lost yet!
And now I activate
GREAT BUBBLE REEF's
special ability
to give her 600
extra attack points!
5000 attack points.
That's more than enough
attack points
to destroy Ai's
WATER LEVIATHAN.
LEVIATHAN can
use its ability
to cut BUBBLE REEF's
attack points to 2500,
but LEVIATHAN
only has 2300.
(Blue Maiden)
Ever since we were kids,
Akira had to look after me
cuz I was the lil' sister.
And sure,
he went overboard sometimes.
Wait, did I say sometimes?
I meant all the time.
But as frustrating as it was,
I get it.
He just wanted to protect me.
So never in a million years
could I have imagined that
we'd be fighting side-by-side.
And now,
I'm the one who's
gonna protect him,
just like he protected me!
Time to battle!
MARINCESS GREAT BUBBLE REEF,
attack his WATER LEVIATHAN
@IGNISTER
and end
this duel!
Oh yeah?
WATER LEVIATHAN's
special ability
cuts your monster's
attack points in half!
Yeah? So...?
But your monster will still
be destroyed, Master!
I can't do anything about that,
but I can do this!
I activate my trap, HA.I.!
I'm glad our monsters
are getting to know
each other face-to-face
because when they battle,
you take damage equal
to double the difference
in their attack points.
You should've
never attacked, Blue.
Fire back, WATER LEVIATHAN!
The difference between
the two monsters
is 200 attack points.
And she's gonna take
double the damage!
That's right,
and since this damage
is from a trap
and not from
a battle,
Blue Maiden can't use
CROWN TAIL to stop it!
Hang on, Skye!
Akira!
GG you two, GG.
Akira...
Skye, take...
my hand.
Sorry, Skye.
I wish I...
did more.
Don't say that.
You've done...
more for me than you
can ever imagine.
No...
Akira...
Way to win the duel,
Master!
That was amazing!
Thank you.
And their loss is our gain
because now Zaizen's
code key is mine.
Well, now that was fun.
I'll be seeing you,
Blue Maiden.
Ta-ta...
(Roboppi)
Yeah, ta-ta...
Time to go.
Right on,
Master!
(Playmaker)
Ai!
Wait!
Uh, yes?
I... I just...
Good talk Playmaker,
good talk.
Wait up, Ai!
I know that you know
that this isn't cool!
You're not
a bad guy!
You're wrong.
It is.
(gasps)
It's been tricking you
this whole time.
The Dark Ignis has shown
its true colors.
And I'll be the one
to fade it to black!
(giggles)
Good luck with that.
Later, Playmaker.
Ai...
Akira...
♪♪♪